README.md, before:

# Project: HS
This is a github repository for a game that's currently under development. 
Until an official name for this game is decided upon, it will be called "Project: HS".

## Setup

If you would like to play it for yourself, here are instructions for starting the game from one of the release builds:

### On Windows

1. Download the files ending in ".exe" and ".pck" from the release build you want to install.

2. Make sure the ".exe" file and the ".pck" file that you downloaded are located in the same folder.

**Note:** Although it is not required, I recommend that you create a new folder specifically for the game's 
files. This is because the game will create save files and configuration files that could cause some clutter. 

3. Run the ".exe" file.

### On MacOS

**Note:** The game hasn't been tested on MacOS yet

1. Download the file ending in ".zip" from the release build you want to install

2. Double click on the ".zip" file in order to unarchive it. This should create a new file in the same folder.

3. Run the new file that was created in the previous step.

### On GNU/Linux

1. Download the files ending in ".x86_64" and ".pck" from the release build you want to install.

2. Make sure the ".x86_64" file and the ".pck" file that you downloaded are located in the same directory.

**Note:** Although it is not required, I recommend that you create a new directory specifically for the game's 
files. This is because the game will create save files and configuration files that could cause some clutter. 

3. Mark the ".x86_64" file as an executable using the following command (replace "filename" with the file's name):

```
chmod +x filename.x86_64
```

4. Run the ".x86_64" file.

Commit message:

Added a section for Android
(and made some other minor corrections)

README.md, after:

# Project: HS
This is a github repository for a game that's currently under development. 
Until an official name for this game is decided upon, it will be called "Project: HS".

## Setup

If you would like to play it for yourself, here are instructions for starting the game from one of the pre-release builds:

### On Windows

1. Download the files ending in ".exe" and ".pck" from the pre-release build you want to install.

2. Make sure the ".exe" file and the ".pck" file that you downloaded are located in the same folder.

**Note:** Although it is not required, I recommend that you create a new folder specifically for the game's 
files. This is because the game will create save files and configuration files that could cause some clutter. 

3. Run the ".exe" file.

### On MacOS

**Note:** You might have to allow the program to work under "System Preferences"

1. Download the file ending in ".zip" from the pre-release build you want to install

2. Double click on the ".zip" file in order to unarchive it.

3. Run the program.

### On GNU/Linux

1. Download the files ending in ".x86_64" and ".pck" from the pre-release build you want to install.

2. Make sure the ".x86_64" file and the ".pck" file that you downloaded are located in the same directory.

**Note:** Although it is not required, I recommend that you create a new directory specifically for the game's 
files. This is because the game will create save files and configuration files that could cause some clutter. 

3. Mark the ".x86_64" file as an executable using the following command (replace "filename" with the file's name):

```
chmod +x filename.x86_64
```

4. Run the ".x86_64" file.

### On Android

**Note:** The android version is still in it's earliest stages of development, but you can still try it on any pre-release build since version 0.2.0 beta.

1. Download the file ending in ".apk" from the pre-release build you want to install.

2. Install it in the same way you would install any apk file on an android device.
